Add expressions docs which contain xpath and jsonpath (#715)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/examples/json-examples/json-examples.md

> #### JSON path syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### JSONPath syntax
```

> JSON path provides a way to navigate, filter, and extract data from JSON structures. Please refer how to use JSON path as an [expression]({{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/expressions/#jsonpath-expressions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSONPath provides a way to navigate, filter, and extract data from JSON structures. To learn more about how to use JSONPath as an expression, see the JSONPath expressions ({{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/expressions/#jsonpath-expressions).
```
